Thank you for purchasing SunShop.
Version 2.9 - Released 10-24-02
Copyright 2001-2002 Turnkey Web Tools.

----------------------------------------------
   TABLE OF CONTENTS
----------------------------------------------

1. Before You Get Started.
    A. MySQL Setup
    B. Edit config.php
    C. Uploading Your Files
    
2. Installation
    - Step 1 thru 6
 
3. Administration
    A. Registered Users
    B. Categories / Subcategories
    C. Products
    D. Specials / Coupons / Discounts
    E. Transactions
	F. Templates
    G. Settings
    H. Backup

4. Conclusion

----------------------------------------------
1. Before You Get Started
----------------------------------------------
A.  Before you attempt to start the installation first make sure you have access to the 
MySQL database. Ask your administrator to setup a database entitled "sunshop" or any 
other name you may want to give it. They should also give you a username and password to 
use to access this database. You will need to set the database name, username and 
password in the config.php file located in the admin directory. Extract the files using
the proper archive software.
    
B.  After you collect your database information simply open the config.php file located in 
the admin directory. You can use any text editor to make changes to this file. Make sure 
all fields are correct and save the file. It is very important that there are no blank lines
following the last "?>" in the file. Simply put the curser after the "?>" and hit the 
"Delete" key multiple times to make sure there are no trailing spaces or lines.

C.  Login to the server where your files will be hosted and upload all files and folders. 
**IMPORTANT** If your secure connection is on another server you will need to place 
checkout.php, db_mysql.php, a copy of the config.php and the language file with the 
appropriate settings.

----------------------------------------------
2. Installation 
----------------------------------------------
The installation file is located in the admin directory. Upload all of the files located in 
the archive onto your server via FTP, edit the config.php file to your settings if you have 
not already done so, then point your browser to the location of the admin directory on your
server and call up the file install.php. (http://www.yourserver.com/sunshop/admin/install.php)confirm Step 1 cofirm the installation. You will need to read the license agreement and agree 
in order to continue.

B.  Step 2 will make sure you have the appropriate settings in the config.php file and it 
will make sure it exists. 

C.  Step 3 will attempt to connect to the database using the config.php file. If it cannot 
connect you will receive an error. If the connection is successful and the database given 
does not exist it will try to create it. Otherwise, if the database already exists you will be 
prompted to override the database. If this is the first installation attempt I suggest you 
override the old database to ensure a clean install. You may not have access to override 
the database in which case just continue without overriding.

D.  Step 4 will attempt to setup the tables within the database. If errors are reported make 
sure the tables do not already exist.

E. Step 5 will make sure all settings are inputted successfully and collect the information
for the administrator setup. You will need to enter you license number at this point. It is 
very important for verification purposes.

F. Step 6 is the final step. If you reach step 6 you are all done. Make sure you delete 
install.php before you continue. Leaving it on your server is a great security risk.  

----------------------------------------------
3. Administration
----------------------------------------------

A.  "Registered Users" - From here you can view, edit and delete registered users. You 
can also email all users in the database at the same time using the "Email Users" function.

In this menu, you can also setup other administrators and give them access to certain 
functions of the admin area.

B.  "Categories / Subcategories" - From here you can view, edit and add item categories 
and subcategories to the database. When you delete categories and sub categories, be
aware that all items within hem will be erased. 

C.  "Products" - From here products can be viewed, edited and added. When viewing items you 
can limit the number of items shown by selecting a specific category, or you can do a 
search for items containing your search in the title. 

For importing items from a csv please read the import.txt file. When exporting products you 
MUST allow php to write to the backup directory by setting the chmod to "777". You will also 
need to chmod "777" your products directory to ensure that the script can upload your product 
images. 

If your product requires additional options such as color, size, etc... you can set these
options in this area as well by selecting "Add Options". Also, if your products require
additional input from the customer, you can create custom fields for them to type messages
or specifications by selecting "Add Custom Fields". 

D.  "Specials / Coupons / Discounts" - From here you can view, edit and add specials, coupons
and discounts. 

When adding a special, the description is not necessary but you may want to add 
something to explain the sale. If the item you would like to run a special on is not listed it 
probably already has a special associated with it. Cousensitivecase sensative so be sure to add 
them as you would want your customers to input them. 

Discounts can also be added according to the quantity range of a item purchased. If you wish to 
add a discount for a single purchase number set both the "from" and "to" to the same amount.

E.  "Transactions" - From here you can view all transactions and change their status. You 
can also print transactions after the orders have been filled to keep for your own records. 
It is a good idea to leave them up for a few weeks after they have been filled so that the 
customer can view the status of their order when needed. When viewing transactions it is
also possible to print out a packing sheet to send with the shipment.

F. Changingsaroundangeing aroung the layout has never been easier then it is now... If you
wish to move the specials or maybe the login box to the other side, you can do so by editing the 
templates. Each template has a description.

G.  "Settings" - This is the main settings area that runs the whole cart. Every setting in this is 
very important and you will be taken through each one. 

"License Number" - License number is important for verification.

"Shop Title" - This is the name of your shopping cart.

"Home Title" - This is the name of your main site people will return to when they are 
done buying your products.

"Shop URL" - The URL of you shopping cart. Be sure to add a final "/" to ensure correct
functionality.

"Home URL" - The URL of your main site. Be sure to add a final "/" to ensure correct
functionality.

"Secure URL" - This part of the setup is very important. When you customers go to fill 
out their credit card information, information will need to be passed through a secure 
connection. The file checkout.php will need to be stored in the directory that this address 
points to. Secure connections always start with the "https://" (notice the "s" after http) & 
(make sure to add final "/"). If your secure connection is on a different server, you will 
need to place checkout.php as well as a copy of db_mysql.php and config.php with the 
appropriate changes made to it. You will also need to edit the first line of checkout.php to 
reflect the location of the config.php file.

"Company Info" - The Company information area is self-explanatory. Make sure you fill 
in all areas completely and accurately. The application runs fine as long as all fields are 
supplied. You can choose to leave the phone number field empty.

"Shipping Settings" - If you would like your shipping costs to be automatically calculated 
we recommend that you use the automatic shipping calulations. If you select "Yes" to UPS 
or USPS all other functions must be turned off, and vice versa for all other functions. The 
shipping table calculates shipping cost based on your input and the fixed shipping rate uses 
a fixed shipping cost per item, per pound or per order. *USPS INFO* To use USPS services
you MUST have a username and password as well as a server URL to use the service. To get those
visit http://www.uspsprioritymail.com/et_regcert.html.

"Payment Options" - Here you must select the payment options you wish to accept. If you need 
an addon for real time credit card processing with one of the listed compatable processors
please send an email to addons@turnkeywebtools.com with your license number and the addon 
requested. 

"Tax Rate" - Select the tax rate for your state. People outside your state will not be 
charged tax.

"View Stock Setting" - Select whether or not you want your inventory to be viewed by the 
public when they select an item. You can also set whether or not items can be added to the 
cart if the item quantity in stock is at 0. 

"Shop Settings" - These are also very important settings. Each one is explained 
below.

  Item Order - Select how you would like you products to be ordered.

  Item Listing Image - Select where you would like the image on the product details
  page to be displayed. This can be set to Right of price or centered above.
  
  Listing Setting - This sets the format that the item listings are outputed.
  
  Show Bestsellers - Choose whether or not the bestsellers category and table will be 
  showed.
  
  Show Specials - Same as above but regarding the specials category.
  
  Show Category Totals - Choose whether or not you would like the totals to be displayed
  after the category. (i.e. Computers (25))
  
  Language File - Select the language file you would like to use for the client side
  of the cart.
  
  Items Per Page - Select the default number of items to be listed per page.
  
  Users Must Signup - This toggles whether or not users are required to signup with an account 
  to checkout. Its always a good idea to require this.
  
  Intro - Here you can choose whether you would like to display an intro message or
  display the bestsellers.

  Sub Categories Display - Choose the number of csubcategories to display at a time when choosing a category.
  Set this to 0 to display them all.

  Header - The header is the HTML code placed on every page. You may also choose to define a file 
  for this or use the template.

  Footer - The footer is displayed at the bottom of every page. You may also choose to define a file 
  for this or use the template. 
  
  Secure Header - The secure header is the HTML code placed on every secure page. You may also choose 
  to define a file for this or use the template.

  Secure Footer - The secure footer is displayed at the bottom of every secure page. You may also choose 
  to define a file for this or use the template.

  Path To Product Pictures - This is the directory you will be storing your product 
  pictures. Be sure to set this correctly. *ATTENTION* You must chmod 777 this directory
  to allow the script to write to it for uploading of images.

  Image Settings: Here you will need to define the location of the images needed for the 
  shop. Defaults are packaged with sunshop and others are available via the client login. 
  You will also need to define the height and width for regular and thumbnail images.

  Table Settings - Set these values to the 6 digit alphanumeric values of your 
  choice.  For a complete list of values visit: http://html-color-codes.com/ or you 
  can use actual colors like "red" or "blue".

H.  "Backup" - Use this feature to create a php file from the current database. Once 
this ".php" file is created, you can move it to the main directory in order to restore everything 
from that file. You must make sure that php has the ability to write to the backup 
directory otherwise this feature will not work. Chmod 777 will do the trick.

----------------------------------------------
4. Conclusion 
----------------------------------------------

If you should need any further assistance feel free to email us at any time at 
support@turnkeysolutions.com. Once again, thank you for purchasing SunShop.