Thank you for purchasing SunShop.
Update Version 2.9 - Released 10-24-02
Copyright 2001-2002 Turnkey Web Tools.

To upgrade the from version 2.7 or 2.8 to 2.9 simply replace the files on your 
server with the files in this full version package. *IMPORTANT* Leave your 
config.php on your server intact as that information will not change. If 
you made alterations to any of the older files you may want to back them 
up to you local hard drive before doing so.

If you need to upgrade from version 2.6 or later, download that package first 
and only upload and run the upgrade.php script from that version. After you 
have done that follow the steps above.

*PLEASE NOTE* - If you or we made any modifications to your script for 
implementing your merchant account or for any other reason, please
talk to us before upgrading. 

*Release Notes*
Below you will find a list of changes implemented in version 2.9. 

1. Added ability to add additional admin accounts with limited or full access
priveleges.

2. Out of stock items are now shown when you login. If there are any out of 
stock items you will also see alink to view only those items in the "Products" 
menu.

3. Mass mail issue has been fixed. No more emailing of admin account details.

4. Added prices and a total to the package list.

5. When viewing orders the newest ones are now shown. Also, pending orders are 
highlighted.

6. More flaxabilty when viewing order, you can show by date range and order by all
columns by clicking on those columns.

7. Added a completely editable template system... we hope everyone enjoys this
one.

8. No problems having options that include - in them. Options are now parsed with -> 
making it easier to add variation to your options list.

9. Added a comletly new options system... you can now add uplimited options with as
many payment addon options as you want.

10.Fixed the USPS system... now working 100%. Dont forhet you need an account for 
this one.

11. Added custom fields to get information on a per item basis from your clients.
Example: Sellig Trophies? Now you can collect information on what they want 
engraved on it.

12. Fixed issue with checkout not showing the modified price when options requiring 
additional cost are added.

13. Solved issue with not be able to login to view status of orders when accounts are 
turned off.

14. If discount coupons are not used, discounts amount of 0.00 is no longer shown on 
the confirmation page.

15. Bug in login error page fixed. Contact email is displayed corectly.

16. Added a rollover option to view options easier when viewing cart or selecting 
shipping method. Putting mouse over the truncated options list shows thema all.

17. Added a "zoom" feature to view full size of the images when viewing an item.

18. We know we did more but we cant remember everything! Enjoy!
 