Thank you for purchasing SunShop.
Version 2.6 - Released 04-12-02
Copyright 2001-2002 Turnkey Solutions.

----------------------------------------------
   TABLE OF CONTENTS
----------------------------------------------

1. Before You Get Started.
    A. MySQL Setup
    B. Edit config.php
    C. Uploading Your Files
    
2. Installation
    - Step 1 thru 8
 
3. Administration
    A. Registered Users
    B. Categories / Subcategories
    C. Products
    D. Specials / Coupons
    E. Transactions
    F. Templates
    G. Settings
    H. Backup

4. Conclusion

----------------------------------------------
1. Before You Get Started
----------------------------------------------
A.  Before you attempt to start the installation first make sure you have access to the 
MySQL database. Ask your administrator to setup a database entitled "sunshop" or any 
other name you may want to give. They should also give you a username and password to 
use to access this database. You will need to set the database name, username and 
password in the config.php file located in the admin directory.
    
B.  After you collect your database information simply open the config.php file located in 
the admin directory. You can use any text editor to make changes to this file. Make sure 
all fields are correct and save the file. It is very important that there are no blank lines
following the last "?>" in the file. Simply put the curser after the "?>" and hit the 
"Delete" key multiple times to make sure there are no trailing spaces or lines.

C.  Login to the server where your files will be hosted and upload all files and folders. 
**IMPORTANT** If your secure connection is on another server you will need to place 
checkout.php, db_mysql.php and a copy of the config.php with the appropriate settings.

----------------------------------------------
2. Installation 
----------------------------------------------
The installation file is located in the admin directory. Upload all of the files located in 
the archive onto your server via FTP, edit the config.php file to your settings if you have 
not already done so, then point your browser to the location of the admin directory on your
server and call up the file install.php. (i.e. www.yourserver.com/sunshop/admin/install.php) 

A.  Step 1 cofirm the installation. You will need to read the license agreement and agree 
in order to continue.

B.  Step 2 will make sure you have the appropriate settings in the config.php file and it 
will make sure it exists. 

C.  Step 3 will attempt to connect to the database using the config.php file. If it cannot 
connect you will receive an error. If the connection is successful and the database given 
does not exist it will try to create it. Otherwise, if the database already exists you will be 
prompted to override the database. If this is the first installation attempt I suggest you 
override the old database to ensure a clean install. You may not have access to override 
the database in which case just continue without overriding.

D.  Step 4 will attempt to setup the tables within the database. If errors are reported make 
sure the tables do not already exist.

E.  Step 5 will populate the tables for initial run of script.

F.  Step 6 will collect all the general setting for proper script operation. Please make sure 
all settings are correct before continuing. 

G. Step 7 will make sure all settings are inputted successfully and collect the information
for the administrator setup. You will need to enter you license number at this point. It is 
very important for verification purposes.

H. Step 8 is the final step. If you reach step 8 you are all done. Make sure you delete 
install.php before you continue.     

----------------------------------------------
3. Administration
----------------------------------------------

A.  "Registered Users" - From here you can view, edit and delete registered users. You 
can also email all users in the database at the same time using the "Email Users" function.

B.  "Categories / Subcategories" - From here you can view, edit and add item categories 
and subcategories to the database. When you delete categories and sub categories, be
aware that all items within hem will be erased. 

C.  "Products" - From here products can be viewed, edited and added. When viewing items you 
can limit the number of items shown by selecting a specific category, or you can do a 
search for items containing your search in the title. For importing items from a csv please
read the import.txt file. When exporting products you MUST allow php to write to the backup
directory by setting the chmod to "777". 

D.  "Specials / Coupons" - From here you can view, edit and add specials and coupons. When 
adding a special, the description is not necessary but you may want to add something to 
explain the sale. If the item you would like to run a special on is not listed it probably
already has a special associated with it. Coupons are case sensative so be sure to add them
as you would want your customers to input them. 

E.  "Transactions" - From here you can view all transactions and change their status. You 
can also print transactions after the orders have been filled to keep for your own records. 
It is a good idea to leave them up for a few weeks after they have been filled so that the 
customer can view the status of their order when needed.

F.  "Templates" - The templates are used throughout the site in different areas; 
"checkoutno" is shown when a user who is not logged views their cart; "checkout" is 
shown when a user who is logged in views their cart; "regusers" is shown when a non 
logged in user, or a non user tries to view their account; "signup" is shown at the bottom 
of the signup page; "shipmethod" is shown when ups real-time shipping calculating is 
turned on; "shipaddressok" is shown when UPS real-time shipping calculating is not on. 

G.  "General Settings" - This is the main settings area that runs the whole cart. Every 
setting in this is very important and you will be taken through each one. 

"Shop Title" - This is the name of your shopping cart.

"Home Title" - This is the name of your main site people will return to when they are 
done buying your products.

"Shop URL" - The URL of you shopping cart.

"Home URL" - The URL of your main site.

"Secure URL" - This part of the setup is very important. When you customers go to fill 
out their credit card information, information will need to be passed through a secure 
connection. The file checkout.php will need to be stored in the directory that this address 
points to. Secure connections always start with the "https://" (notice the "s" after http) & 
(make sure to add final "/"). If your secure connection is on a different server, you will 
need to place checkout.php as well as a copy of db_mysql.php and config.php with the 
appropriate changes made to it. You will also need to edit the first line of checkout.php to 
reflect the location of the config.php file.

"Company Info" - The Company information area is self-explanatory. Make sure you fill 
in all areas completely and accurately. The application runs fine as long as all fields are 
supplied. You can choose to leave the phone number field empty.

"Shipping Settings" - If you would like your shipping costs to be automatically calculated 
I recommend that you use the UPS function. If you select "Yes" to UPS all other 
functions must be turned off, and vice versa for all other functions. The shipping table 
calculates shipping cost based on your input and the fixed shipping rate uses a fixed 
shipping cost per item, per pound or per order.

"Payment Options" - Here you must select the payment options you wish to accept. 
"Tax Rate" - Select the tax rate for your state. People outside your state will not be 
charged tax.

"View Stock Setting" - Select whether or not you want your inventory to be viewed by the 
public when they select an item. You can also set whether or not items can be added to the 
cart if the item quantity in stock is at 0. 

"Shop Design" - These are also very important settings. Each one is explained 
below.

  Item Order - Select how you would like you products to be ordered.

  Product Display - You may select whether you want items to be listed or if you want
  to display product images.

  Intro - Here you can choose whether you would like to display an intro message or
  display the bestsellers.

  CSS - The CSS is used to make all fonts and settings within the shopping cart similair
  You can adjust these colors and settings in any way you choose.  For a complete list of
  values visit: http://html-color-codes.com/.

  Header - The header is the HTML code placed on every page. Be sure to leave all 
  leading "\" before all quotation marks. You may also choose to define a file for this.

  Footer - The footer is displayed at the bottom of every page. You probably want 
  to leave this as it is. As well, be sure to leave all leading \ before all quotation 
  marks. You may also choose to define a file for this. 

  Path To Product Pictures - This is the directory you will be storing your product 
  pictures. Be sure to set this correctly.

  Image Settings: Here you will need to define the location of the images needed for the 
  shop. Defaults are packaged with sunshop and others are available via the client login. 
  You will also need to define the height and width for regular and thumbnail images.

  Table Settings - Set these values to the 6 digit alphanumeric values of your 
  choice.  For a complete list of values visit: http://html-color-codes.com/ or you 
  can use actual colors like "red" or "blue".

H.  "Backup" - Use this feature to create a sql file from the current database. Once 
this ".sql" file is created you can import it later by running the sql commands 
within the file. You must make sure that php has the ability to write to the backup 
directory otherwise this feature will not work. 

